the website is having issues  I cant get quotes out
is your system down cant get pass login screen or book manually as a new user
can you tell me if your website is down at the minute, ive not been able to get on it since last night
Is your website down again
package has gone missing
Spoke to a lovely agent who was very helpful though
Absolutely disgusting service. Damaged my plastic item
why did your courier leave my parcel with a random house
Hi, a courier should have collected my parcel yesterday but did not turn up
Thanks for declaring our package lost! That is one #ruinedwedding day! #lostpackage #badcustomerservice
parcel been out for delivery for 3 days and no correspondence from them at all.
Thank you
Ive sent it via DM. Please let me know
how am I meant to contact you or your driver when he doesnt leave a contact number? Even when asked to! Terrible service
They r so bad
Ughhh! And never reply. Shall we protest!
they are so bad
your courier is a liar, no delivery attempt was made, I was home all day, wheres my parcel
Still no response since yesterday DMd multiple times ??? This is not helpful
inadministrationsoonhopefully
in administration soon hope fully
Hi can you confirm where my parcel is please? It didnt arrive yesterday despite being home. Order No is
have the most useless live chat system. All they ever do is tell you to wait another 24 hours &amp; cant tell you a single detail
the last 2 deliveries have been left in a secure porch,I dont have 1. please ensure
Why is your customer service set up so that nothing gets resolved. Is it because youre so incompetent
I dont want you FAQ page, I an actual person to talk to me and get my parcel delivered.
AND I wrecked a nail by shredding the tube from the top down to the dent so I could get the goods out wit
Come on I want to play my new  vinyl its not quite the same in Spotify
Thoroughly detailed delivery slip from. Have no idea who this is for (its a shared house) or how to arrange redelivery. Help pls!
MY PARCEL got delivered to somebody else? Called different myhermes offices and no one can help! You must know who you gave it'
post Card though your door saying theyve left a parcel in your porch but you dont have a porch... or the parcel!
Another parcel of mine has now been lost - tracking says stuck in the hub since 7th June? Chat service cut me off and phone service faulty
Yay! My @boohoo stuff has arrived but Im not happy that the packaging absolutely stinks of cigarette smoke  Im not impressed!!!
Hi, we are responding to messages in chronological order so we should be in touch soon
we love your service and would like to establish a partnership with our members club. Who can we contact
posted through letterbox
Disgusted myhermes ordered shoes 4 Nans funeral Mon &amp paid 4 next day delivery. Stayed in 2day 4 delivery
Live chat just ended the chat as they washed hands off delivery its their INCOMPETENT courier WHERE IS MY PARCEL
Retailers shouldnt use as they are USELESS! @DPD_UK are brilliant, never had a problem. Give hour time slot &amp; always turns up!
hi put the wrong postcode for an order that should be delivered by you guys today. Put home postcode not work but work address
Yes there is but Ill send it again
I believe @myhermes are secretly stock piling goods that they say get delivered but dont #oneforyouoneforme
why are our packages just being left outside for someone to take? We are in the house! Knocking doesnt take 2 seconds!
WORST company Ive ever dealt with
What is their argument?
should not be "makes delivery easy" but "causes headaches easy
trying to locate 2 parcels and tracking number is invalid - urgently need someone to get back to me ASAP
@ASOS_HeretoHelp
What we all see when you open your mouth... https://t.co/2wsVOH0Aau
can you respond to my DM please -order said it was delivered yesterday and it wasnt.
delivery note  Behind Bin - not any more on this busy street, thanks Caroline. Appalling delivery standards
Shocking service from these amateurs agn! @asos pls stop using them. Delivery driver blatantly lied &amp; didnt even attmpt delivery!
Have you contacted your post office? They normally leave mine there, if Im not in x
HAD REPLY WHAT IS NOT COVERED BY YOU CUSTOMERS RISK ONLY WHEN YOUR STAFF DELIBERALTY KICKED NOT JUST 1 BUT 2 BOXES 2 DAYS APART
can you DM me your order details
TAKE HOURS, DAYS, OVER A WEEK TO DEAL WITH ANY ISSUES. SEE HOW LONG IT TAKES TO ANSWER MY TWEETS #WORSTCOMPANYEVER
Ugh...Post office then
are just the worse! -- Ill have to just shop at another retailer that doesnt use them. (60 order canceled)
@AlohaKirstie @boohoo_cshelp @myhermes Its beyond a joke now. The fact that I now cant shop places that use Hermes
@TeaPartyBeauty @boohoo_cshelp @myhermes (For ASOS)
@TeaPartyBeauty @boohoo_cshelp @myhermes For me it depends what time I order as to who delivers! Most of the time
@AlohaKirstie @boohoo_cshelp @myhermes I stopped paying for asos premier when they started using Hermes so switched
@aliceedmonds99 I understand why ....
@myhermes @ASOS_HeretoHelp @MotelRocks @KurtGeiger @HollisterCo @HollisterCoHelp @KurtGeigerHelp'